Comment: Sorry to hear that man, in the future you may want to have multiple granaries, one close to your berries/deer/fish and one for your veggies/apples/honey.
Also I just store ale at the tavern or keep it in the brewery for this reason

Comment: Yeah but it doesn’t seem to affect much though

Comment: Incredible stuff! How did you maintain character consistency? Did you generate a consistent character image and then use the image-to-video feature?

Comment: I do too but I rarely finish a game haha. Too little late game content

Comment: I do too but I rarely finish a game haha. Too little late game content

Comment: You have to kill the bandit units, or donate crop yields though the manor (tithing, different from taxation).

Comment: That proximity is ridiculous, deep mining, two fishing huts, vegetable, orchards, and trade iron for malt.
imo trading raw materials is easier than trading crafted goods in the current build. High quantity stuff is easy to stock, and you could have multiple trading posts up without any major issues.
The exact opposite of this is plate armor. It takes forever to build, requires three points, and needs eight iron slabs to make it. It’s cheaper to just export the ore, and since it’s a low quantity trade, it’s hard to stick multiple trade posts with it

Comment: Yeah I was doing alright and then as soon as I upgraded to tier 3 my town was in shambles. I didn’t notice how demanding it was going to be

Comment: So in general each family will eat each type of food equally. Which means those with low supply are more likely to be consumed first.

Eggs I believe each plot only produces one per month, so it's helpful, but won't be sufficient to maintain food diversity

Comment: I build my cities close to the borders of others, that way I'm not managing multiple cities at once. The best is building it at the three-way border. That way you're basically managing three cities at once.

Comment: Breakfast - Buvette

Coffee - Lyria

Lunch - Tsukemen okiboru

Coffee - La cabra

Dinner - Isodi

Drinks - Double chicken please

Comment: \- the hype has definitely faded, you can see that with the price as well as the number of people discussing it on X, or even here  
\- haven't seen much innovation in the space at all, the momentum seems to have shifted to solana memecoins, and dissipated after that  
\- again, people no longer seem interested. I found linksDAO to be an interesting concept of fractionally owning a golf course, and they're still active but not much hype around them anymore either. Most major brand NFT collaborations have died down as well  
\- the NFT craze has not settled into something sustainable, it's dead. Can it come back? Possibly, it has happened before, when cryptopunks and cryptokitties were first hot in 2017-ish, then died, then came back during 2020-2022.  
\- will there be a big boom? I personally don't think it would in the way we think of NFTs as collectables. A major thesis was around digital scarcity, and that seemed possible during covid, but post covid people went back to f2f interactions. Digital scarcity could become a hot topic again if we see a broader adoption of VR or even XR, but that seems a bit down the line. I think fractional ownership of assets could be interesting, but they'd just be fungible tokens, not NFT

I see so many one-off posts on this community with only a couple responses. Can't believe there's 2.7M members here. That alone should tell you that NFTs are no longer something people are interested in. I'd love to be proven wrong, since I feel that there was alot of potential, but so far it seems like the community is dead

Comment: Millenials have less kids, so they have more time and money to spend on themselves. Millenials are also getting married less and later in life, meaning we allocate more effort on self care

Comment: I wore a toga. she showed up in regular clothes

Comment: Sent dm!

Comment: Closest expression is naraku ochi 奈落落ち which means falling from the stage, used in kabuki. It’s a way to say going to hell, but neither the literal translation nor the actual meaning is an expression for child suicide.
Source: I’m Japanese

Comment: Fyi it says
“Dear mom, everything I encounter from now is thanks to you”
(It’s a Mother’s Day special chocolate)

Comment: how did you make that diagram? I've been doing it in ascii lol

Comment: It’s pretty hard to get consistent characters when they’re photorealistic tbh. I guess our eyes are more lenient when it’s cartoon.
Any tips for photo realism would be appreciated!

Comment: Can’t really discuss this without your strategy. If you’re setting up on the coast over river, your strategy must involve maritime trades. Also means you benefit from other cities being on the coast. It also means you need some navy to protect your shipping routes and coastal cities. 

Comment: imagine making 60fps videos with photos from OAI images. nothing on the internet can be trusted

Comment: Surprised I don’t see project zomboid. Graphics are retro but the game is so well made. Who knew that you needed a pipe wrench (instead of a regular wrench) to plumb the sink!

Comment: Daytime bathhouse

Comment: This happens when you are in an advanced technological era than the AI. You can adjust to only give them gold, or other resources which you might not need (e.g. iron/coal).

Comment: Would you be interested in a trade agreement with England?

Comment: Sounds like X

Comment: He used to shoot well and have impact when no one had him on the radar, and opponents didn’t have him on their scouting report.
Now that there’s pressure to perform, and opponents develop plans on how to deal with him, he’s not doing so well.

Really shows how hard it is to perform when the lights are bright and people are counting on your 3s

Comment: Not in Chelsea but Washington square park has the pigeon whisperer. Bear in mind he’s definitely eccentric and curses a lot so might not be a family friendly guy to talk to.
Also the corner of 46th and 6Av always has insane number of pigeons. Like a lot.

Comment: Also left, considering there’ll be an awkward gap between your 3rd city, where AI civs will most likely try to spam settlers into if you’re not careful

Comment: Is this r/2nordic4you

Comment: Venice and Austria are annoying since they buy city states, skewing with the world congress votes. Also Venice spams missionaries like crazy 

Comment: It’s a hard balance to strike, since without growth tiles you can’t reach a pop to build Petra before the AI does, but growth tiles (exception of oasis) aren’t buffed by Petra

Comment: Calm down he’s talking about the cloud making the shower

Comment: Ok 5 more min with a 5pt deficit. I’m ready to be disappointed again

Comment: The most unrealistic part is that 18k will get you a cafe in Paris 🇫🇷 

Comment: Astute observation

Comment: Little do they know many “top American colleges” have a ton of international students on an F1 visa, which leads to STEM OPT and (hopefully) to an H1B visa. 

Comment: <Spoiler>







Also we now know that’s current Bonny

Comment: Chopper literally a 🦌 

Comment: I’m not going to be disappointed anymore. I know how the warriors give us slight hope just to disappoint

Comment: Didn’t doubt warriors would lose this one

Comment: Am I watching basketball with ads or ads with some basketball sprinkled in between

Comment: I used to be one, and I’m grateful for the opportunity to find a better life here in the US

Comment: I’m hoping people realize after this that it’s not a left or right issue, but rather those with wealth pitting those less fortunate against each other. 
Hopefully we can realize this before it’s too late and develop meaningful solutions

Comment: I’m definitely done after curry. It was awesome seeing an underdog like him demolish taller players, revolutionize the game with his 3pt shooting.
Wemby is an alien, but I can’t cheer for him the way I could for curry since it’s almost a given that tall players have an advantage (although 7ft+ players have their own longevity challenges). 
Oh and the proliferation of gambling definitely doesn’t help either. As a matter of fact, there’s way too many ad breaks. 

Cut the number of ads in half, make consistent ref calls, and get gambling out of the league. But we know none of those are happening, so I’m definitely out.

Comment: Cloisters, Noguchi museum, more art galleries

Comment: You can ask it to alter its speed and complexity of the response if you ask it to. It'll update its memory accordingly as well.   
The problem I'm encountering is that it just stops responding after 5 back-and-fourth. Restarting it doesn't help either. I agree the quality has degraded since they came out with the new price tier

Comment: Whole foods

Comment: They're in the middle so they can see the door closing, making sure no one gets stuck. Other trains probably have sensors in the doors so they know when someone's being squashed

Comment: I’m down to help! Do it at wsp and put up fliers around the city. 
Like the Timothée Chalamet lookalike contest
