Title: I feel violated by intern season
Body: There's this bar that I frequent a few blocks away from my house. Technically different neighborhood, but generally has a mature vibe with people who like music and to dance. Today when I went to the bar and all of a sudden I felt like I was at a college basement party. I thought that I must have been hallucinating, but Then a girl pointed at me and referred to me as the old person. That's when I knew I had to get out of there.
 I was at the wrong party. 

As I walk back home, all of a sudden I realize that there were now tens of thousands of 18 year-old 19 year-old 20-year-olds who were all living on top of each other and were super young and horny to basically use the New York nightlife as their own personal orgy dome.
 Naturally I felt violated

But then again, I thought to myself. Am I not the same as they are, just at a longer time horizon? I'm also a transient being in the city. They might only be here for three months, but I've only been here for three years as well. As a matter fact, there are bunch of people have done this for generations where their parents and their grandparents and their grandparents all met in New York, and they all decided to live somewhere in the broader region whether it be Westchester, Wilmington, Big Indian, Boston, etc. 
New York City is equally adventurous to each, so who am I to judge how others enjoy this adventurous city.

Title: H1B holders, what are your thoughts on the narrative that you are being exploited?
Body: 

Title: H1B holders, do you feel exploited, or see it as an opportunity to build a better life for you in the US?
Body: 

Title: What needs to happen for the league to review the inconsistencies of the refs?
Body: [removed]

Title: Are you guys for/against banning Tiktok in the US?
Body: [removed]

Title: What’s a movie that best represents your childhood?
Body: There's so many coming of age movies for boomers and millennials, what about for gen-Z?

Title: Spacial tours with 3D map and 360˚ video
Body: 

Title: Best blogs, tutorial channels to learn
Body: Hey I’m an iOS developer building in visionOS. Do people have recommendations on resources to catch up on new featuresets for spacial computing?

Title: Can't wait for Vision Air 5 launching in 2034 with these transparent displays!
Body: 

Title: Watching Edgerunners on the moon feels
Body: Thank you u/overpaidengineer for the inspo

Title: Killer feature: accessing chatGPT (iPad app) and using audio as primary input
Body: I just find this to be much easier than doing it on my Mac + display setup. Give it a try

Title: Would you guys like to see Pokemon Go in AVP?
Body: Hi guys,

I think Pokemon could be one of the killer use case for the vision pro. Imagine, you could fight players from around the world from the comfort of your couch. With the recent controversy around Palworld, they're looking for the next "Pokemon Go" that would propel their franchise to the next level.

Being Japanese, I happen to know a few key decision makers both in the Pokemon Company as well as Niantic. Alot of the in-game designs are transferrable, and I believe it's a matter of time until Niantic's Lightship ARDK will work on AVP.

*What should I tell them? Lmk if you have thoughts or useful links/videos I should forward to them.*

I'm confident that this will eventually become a thing, but the faster they ship the more AVP adoption we'll see.

[personal info redacted for obvious reasons](https://preview.redd.it/be7qbqfg5qgc1.png?width=800&format=png&auto=webp&s=21fec81575a29fa53fc01639e368980dc4c5ac6f)

Title: Can you actually “work” in AVP?
Body: I’m curious if people have been able to fully port their workflow into AVP.

I’ve been trying to actually use the Vision Pro to get some work done, but without github and visual studio code, it’s not been the easiest (also obviously no terminal). I could use Mac virtual display, but since I have a M1 MBP the latency is noticeable to the point it’s an adverse experience. I already dropped $4k on this device, renewing my MBP just so I can use it with my AVP is asking a bit too much…

Also where’s Xcode? If Apple wants AVP to be a “work device”, they gotta have at least Xcode right?

I can get the simple stuff like emails done through AVP, but if this device can’t replace my entire workflow, I don’t know if I can justify the price. I’m sure it’ll get resolved down the line (more of a software issue than hardware constraints), but curious to hear how realistic it is for people to port over their workflow to AVP, and what apps you’d like to see ASAP.

Title: 【Theory】 What if we live in the void 800 century
Body: Let’s say the WG is the current western civilization. 

The birth of Western history is in the Middle East, specifically Iraq (Nippur). Which is why the west, led by the US, has been trying to cause instability, and destroy historical artifacts. That way, the true history of how the WG came to be won’t come into light. Like, archaeology is basically using artifacts discovered and interpreting it a certain way. The whole concept is something that mostly grew into a concept in the UK around 1824. 1824 is the year the Oxford English Dictionary defined "archaeology" a word.

(Btw our generation will be remembered for our new additions which include anti-work, curry laksa, diet-busting, final frontier, fugazi, gajillion, skellington, straight-talking, stonkingly, voguing,etc.)

Back to the main topic, what I’m saying is that it’s pretty easy for the “1%” to control the “story of our world” through archeologists and historians. These have traditionally been an activity for the rich and remains that way. Like, who tries to become a historian unless they have trust funds?

So yeah, maybe the history we are told on a daily basis is pretty different from reality, and Oda is trying to tell us this message.

What are pacifistas? They're our modern comparable to AI. They will be the ultimate, infinite, obedient, power between the celestial dragons (also known as the 1%) and us normal humans.

So who is our Nika? Who is our Joy Boy? are we too early to hear the drums of liberation, or do we actually all have our own drums of liberation?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

[tourism of 19th century](https://preview.redd.it/bt1oqgxker7c1.png?width=400&format=png&auto=webp&s=2530f2a3b52b37bfd7547cfe4cf61b5d9d52e7c7)

Title: 【Help!】English ivy is withering, any suggestions on what I should do?
Body: 

Title: Informative documentary video on YouTube
Body: 

Title: Creepy charlie with dead leaves, is this normal?
Body: 

Title: Lyft bike on the loose, support team will "email me as soon as possible"
Body: 

Title: Do you guys prefer earphones with cables? Why or why not?
Body: Is it the retro look? Is the the convenience of not needing to recharge wireless ones? Is it the price of airpods? Do you care about sound quality?

Title: Tracking our individual impacts on the world through ESG ratings
Body: &#x200B;

[Mock-up of ESG scores ](https://preview.redd.it/btc0a5nqmhjb1.png?width=632&format=png&auto=webp&s=13920d7c88791b2579b6167e5fe135a136731ef7)

&#x200B;

We've had ESG ratings for decades now, but it hasn't  played a significant role in the eyes of the consumer. Sure it has developed new investing policies and has made some impact from the shareholder side, but as someone who's worked in environmental consulting, I felt that we needed a more direct way of getting ESG ratings into the mass conscience.

**Do you think individuals should be aware of our own ESG rating?**

I feel that companies would take ESG ratings  seriously if consumers changed their purchase behaviors based on the score.

The current method of consumer activism has yielded lackluster results. This is because once the news dies down, consumers forget about the scandal and go back to normal purchasing behavior. In addition, companies aren't really incentivized to make changes, since consumers hear about the scandal, but rarely stay informed about what was done about it.

The first step towards voting with our dollars is to be aware of our current ESG impact. This can be approximated through the ESG score of the companies you are purchasing goods/services from, multiplied by the dollar amount of your purchase. [Sustainalytics](https://www.sustainalytics.com/) has a comprehensive ESG rating for most public companies. For purchases from businesses that are private (and doesn't have any ESG rating), we can approximate from comparable public companies, or use other indicators (BCorp, Fair Trade, etc.)

Please let me know what you think!

Individual ESG scores could elevate sustainable conscience to another level, which would lead to climate activism on a larger scale.

Title: How do you decide what to buy and not buy?
Body: I've been lurking in this channel for a while now, and have been greatly inspired by the ways people have found ways to stretch their money. This got me thinking, is there a way to develop a mental model on what we buy or don't buy?

I feel that most people decide what to buy based on past experiences, gut feeling, or the mood of that day. But is there a way to better understand what we get our "gratification" from, and track this?

My initial idea was an app that would enable users to track the "gratification" they receive from their purchases. If you regret what you bought, you can record a decline in the gratification, or if you found the purchase better than you expected, you can record an increase.

Of course, this would not necessarily apply to all purchases. Some things (rent, insurance, etc.) do not yield any gratification scores, but many purchases (clothes, going out, etc.) could.

&#x200B;

Would love to hear how you make your purchase decisions, and if there's a mental model you follow!

(photo is a mockup of the idea I'm working on)

https://preview.redd.it/w7dzy8gi0jib1.png?width=616&format=png&auto=webp&s=803a36d08e4dce445fef0c9b07bbf9a3a1ab97a4

Title: English ivy in critical condition
Body: I’ve had this baby for two months now, and all of a sudden it started to wither on me. I soaked it in water 3 days ago, but it doesn’t seem to be doing any better…

Title: 3 months in, the cleanest and most functional RV interior zomboid has to offer.
Body: 

Title: 50k at a time?
Body: I want to transfer from Robinhood, but WB only allows 50k transfers at a time. Each transfer which takes 5 days needs to be completed before I can transfer more. 
Is there no way to transfer 50k per day?

Title: Still buying options?
Body: I’ve been trading options for the past month or so, and have made good money. But I’ve realized recently that many put options have become quite expensive, to the point that the market has to crash HARD to make great gains. What’s everyone’s move now, since it seems that the looming economic recession is more “priced in” compared to before?

Title: Seeking advice: I’ve made some gains buying put options this month, but I’ve not been doing call option spread. Option spread limits risk, but also limits profitability. I know in a normal economic scenario it makes sense, but are spreads still recommended when we can’t see the bottom of the market?
Body: 

Title: Crazy gains, what now? Should I cash out or double down on puts?
Body: 

Title: Why trump probably has coronavirus
Body: [removed]

Title: Looking beyond
Body: [removed]

Title: Will Robinhood go down, with our money?
Body: [removed]

Title: Funeral stocks, yay or nay?
Body: Trying to look ahead of the market here. The ZM, APT boat has set sail. What’s next?

[SCI](https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/SCI/)
